OSDOCS#8867: Adding failure domains to Nutanix docs (#69618)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

|The virtual IP (VIP) address that you configured for control plane API access.
|IP address

|platform:
  nutanix:
    failureDomains:
    - name:
      prismElement:
        name:
        uuid:
      subnetUUIDs:
      -

> a|By default, the installation program installs cluster machines to a single Prism Element instance. You can specify additional Prism Element instances for fault tolerance, and then apply them to:

Reviewer: Maybe being picky, but you called it a Prism Element (without the _instance_) [above](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/69618/files#diff-226446e7ce5ccad467271e158f45f2d078bc87cfa65bf9023243bc60657cdc83R9).

```suggestion
a|By default, the installation program installs cluster machines to a single Prism Element. You can specify additional Prism Elements for fault tolerance, and then apply them to:
```

Author: Truthfully @mburke5678 I think we are OK here. While the line you reference does not have _instance_, the line below it does.

|====
[.small]
--
1. The `prismElements` section holds a list of Prism Elements (clusters). A Prism Element encompasses all of the Nutanix resources, for example virtual machines and subnets, that are used to host the {product-title} cluster.

> 2. Only one subnet per {product-title} cluster is supported.

Reviewer 2: 2. Only one subnet per Prism Element in an  {product-title} cluster is supported.
